add troubleshoot section (#157)
huggingface/community-events: jax-controlnet-sprint/README.md

jax.device_count()
```

> This should display the number of TPU cores, which should be 4 on a TPUv4-8 VM. If Python is not able to detect the TPU device, please take a look at [TroubleShoot your TPU VM](#troubleshoot-your-tpu-vm) for solutions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This should display the number of TPU cores, which should be 4 on a TPUv4-8 VM. If Python is not able to detect the TPU device, please take a look at [this section](#troubleshoot-your-tpu-vm) for solutions.
```

```bash
   --controlnet_model_name_or_path="./control_out/500" 
```

### Troubleshoot your TPU VM

**VERY IMPORTANT** - Only one process can access the TPU cores at a time. This means that if multiple team members are trying to connect to the TPU cores, you will get errors such as:

```
libtpu.so already in used by another process. Not attempting to load libtpu.so in this process.

> ```

Reviewer: ```bash
libtpu.so already in used by another process. Not attempting to load libtpu.so in this process.
```

> We recommend every team member create her/his own virtual environment, but only one person should run the heavy training processes. Also, please take turns when setting up the TPUv4-8 so that everybody can verify that JAX is correctly installed.

Reviewer 2: Think this makes it clearer that only one JAX process should be running at once (otherwise "only 1 heavy process" could be interpreted as though you can run 1 heavy training and 1 light debugging at one go)
```suggestion
We recommend every team member create their own virtual environment, but only one person should use the TPU cores at any one time. Also, please take turns when setting up the TPUv4-8 so that everybody can verify that JAX is correctly installed.
```

Reviewer: @sanchit-gandhi thanks!

Could you maybe open a new PR with your suggestions? That would be super helpful.
